bump version to 7.0 (#13052)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

### Step 1: Review compatibility changes

> Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-7.0.0.md#compatibility-changes) in TiDB v7.0.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.

Author: This link will be updated after the release notes go alive.
```suggestion
Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-6.6.0.md#compatibility-changes) in TiDB v6.6.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.
```
